Source: https://www.theblock.co/post/371254/solana-foundation-cathie-woods-ark-invest-join-300-million-placement-for-new-sol-treasury-solmate?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss
Selector: article

Solana Foundation, Cathie Wood's Ark Invest join $300 million placement for new SOL treasury SolmateBy RT WatsonCompanies • September 18, 2025, 10:38AM EDT Share Partner offers The Block may may earn a commission if you use our partner offers, at no extra cost to you. Start trading crypto Get a crypto rewards card Swap SOL across any chain!Quick Take
Nasdaq-listed Brera Holdings is rebranding as Solmate, a SOL-based DAT that has secured $300 million through a private placement.
Solana Foundation, Cathie Wood’s Ark Invest, UAE-based Pulsar Group, and RockawayX all participated in the placement. Solmate, a new SOL-based digital asset treasury (DAT), is launching with the backing of the Solana Foundation and Cathie Wood’s Ark Invest, according to a statement Thursday.UAE-based Pulsar Group "sponsored" an oversubscribed $300 million private investment in public equity, or PIPE, offering to rebrand Brera Holdings PLC as Solmate. Former Kraken Chief Legal Officer Marco Santori will serve as the company's CEO.Solmate will secure a discount on at least some of the Solana it intends to acquire. "Solmate expects to enter into a definitive agreement, following an already-executed letter of intent with the Solana Foundation, which would lower the entry price for SOL accumulation," the statement said.The DAT boom shows no signs of slowing down as investors continue to pile into publicly-listed companies that have decided to rebrand themselves and focus on accumulating specific cryptocurrencies. Measured by total U.S. dollar value, Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Solana are by far the three most popular digital assets across all DATs."Solmate is not just another treasury. It will execute on a durably differentiated strategy in a crowded field of look-alike DATs by building real crypto infrastructure in the UAE," Santori said.Despite the Solana-inspired name change, Solmate said it "will continue to operate Brera Holdings' existing multi-club sports ownership business."The company is aiming for a dual listing on the Nasdaq and in the UAE. Brera's shares were up 14% as of 10:27 a.m. ET, according to Yahoo Finance.Dr. Arthur Laffer and RockawayX CEO Viktor Fischer will sit on Solmate's board of directors. Wood's Ark Invest has also invested in Ethereum DAT, BitMine Immersion.Disclaimer: The Block is an independent media outlet that delivers news, research, and data. As of November 2023, Foresight Ventures is a majority investor of The Block. Foresight Ventures invests in other companies in the crypto space. Crypto exchange Bitget is an anchor LP for Foresight Ventures. The Block continues to operate independently to deliver objective, impactful, and timely information about the crypto industry. Here are our current financial disclosures.
© 2025 The Block. All Rights Reserved. This article is provided for informational purposes only. It is not offered or intended to be used as legal, tax, investment, financial, or other advice. Share AUTHOR RT Watson RT Watson is a senior reporter at The Block who covers a wide array of topics including U.S.-based companies, blockchain gaming and NFTs. Formerly covered entertainment at The Wall Street Journal, where he wrote about Disney, Netflix, Warner Bros. and the creator economy while focusing primarily on technological disruption across media. Previous to that he covered corporate, economic and political news in Brazil while at Bloomberg. RT has interviewed a diverse cast of characters including CEOs, media moguls, top influencers, politicians, blue-collar workers, drug traffickers and convicted criminals. Holds a master's degree in Digital Sociology. See More Connect on EditorTo contact the editor of this story: Jason Shubnell at jshubnell@theblock.coWHO WE ARE The Block is a news provider that strives to be the first and final word on digital assets news, research, and data. + Follow us on Google News Connect with the block on