Source: https://ambcrypto.com/worldcoin-is-an-important-project-will-wld-reclaim-2-after-tom-lees-backing/
Selector: article

Altcoin ‘Worldcoin is an important project’- Will WLD reclaim $2 after Tom Lee’s backing? 2min Read Tom Lee views WLD as part of the larger stablecoin-tokenization-AI trend. Posted: September 14, 2025 By: Benjamin Njiri Journalist Edited By: Saman Waris Benjamin Njiri Journalist Edited By: Saman Waris Posted: September 14, 2025 Share this article Share Tweet Key Takeaways WLD could reverse recent losses amid continued backing by Tom Lee and easing whale sell-off. Can bulls eye the 45% potential gain? Fundstrat CIO and Wall Street strategist, Tom Lee, has backed Worldcoin [WLD], highlighting its crucial role in the artificial intelligence (AI) era. He added that the firm’s push for unique ‘proof of human’ in the age of AI and artificial general intelligence (AGI) is ‘very important.’ Source: X Lee is on record stating that his Ethereum [ETH] corporate treasury via BitMine is driven by three catalysts: stablecoins, tokenization and AI. He recently stated that Ethereum’s zero-knowledge proofs could help verify AI agents from humans and would make the network a foundational layer for future AI. The converged vision with Worldcoin and Lee’s backing kept WLD market sentiment at record positive levels. But the price was yet to follow through. What’s next for WLD? Earlier in September, WLD doubled after attracting a new and first-of-its-kind corporate treasury by Eightco Holdings. The firm raised 250 million, partly financed by Lee-led BitMine, the largest ETH treasury firm in the world. Source: Santiment Although network activity also surged after the update, it retreated afterward. But the sentiment remained positive at record levels despite the price pullback seen after the explosive 100% rally. In addition, one of the largest whale wallets (blue) that offloaded over 70 million WLD into the rally has eased the dump-off. The reduced pressure could allow bulls to attempt another run. Source: Santiment On the price charts, the pullback had tagged the golden ratio around $1.5, further raising the odds of another shot at reversing the recent losses. A 45% potential gain could be feasible if WLD reclaims $2 and extends to the recent high at $2.2. Source: WLD/USDT, TradingView Overall, WLD remains an Ethereum beta and a bet on the incoming demand for verification amid a surge in AI agents and bots. At least, going by Tom Lee’s investments. After recent profit-taking, however, the altcoin could be ready for another run. Subscribe to our must read daily newsletter Previous: SUI: $4 is a short-term challenge – Will bulls prevail? Next: Meme to mainstay: Why Dogecoin’s journey is no joke! Share Share Tweet Benjamin Njiri Benjamin Njiri is a Crypto Analyst and Journalist at AMBCrypto who specializes in technical analysis and identifying emergent market trends. He excels at breaking down complex chart patterns and on-chain data to make them accessible and actionable for investors. His rigorous analytical approach is founded on his academic background as a Telecommunication Engineering graduate. This discipline has equipped him with an expert understanding of signal processing and data analysis, allowing him to systematically filter market noise from true trend signals with engineering precision. Armed with this unique perspective, Benjamin focuses on providing clear, data-driven insights into the digital asset landscape. His work is dedicated to demystifying the intricate world of cryptocurrencies, empowering readers to understand the forces that shape the market and to navigate it with greater confidence. Read the best crypto stories of the day in less than 5 minutes Subscribe to get it daily in your inbox. Please check the format of your first name and/or email address. Thank you for subscribing to Unhashed. More Articles Ethereum Ethereum maps a 6-month privacy plan – What changes for users now By Samyukhtha L KM 14 mins ago Analysis SUI: $4 is a short-term challenge – Will bulls prevail? By Akashnath S 44 mins ago Dogecoin Meme to mainstay: Why Dogecoin’s journey is no joke! By Samyukhtha L KM 5 hours ago Ethereum Ethereum bulls lead, $14M shorts liquidated – $5000 in sight? By Evans Boto 6 hours ago Analysis Dogecoin breaks KEY level – Will DOGE hit $1 in 2025? By Akashnath S 7 hours ago Bitcoin Crypto bull run could extend into 2026 – Arthur Hayes By Benjamin Njiri 8 hours ago