Source: https://cointelegraph.com/news/uk-blockchain-petition-coinbase-push
Selector: article

Ezra Reguerra 3 hours ago UK petition for blockchain innovation gains traction after Coinbase push The petition, made in July, reached more than half of the required signatures for a government response after Coinbase sent out a push notification to its users. 1056 News COINTELEGRAPH IN YOUR SOCIAL FEEDA public petition calling on the United Kingdom to develop a pro-innovation strategy for blockchain and stablecoins has gained momentum following a push from crypto exchange Coinbase.The petition, hosted on the UK government’s website, calls for a comprehensive framework that includes stablecoin regulation, blockchain adoption and the appointment of a blockchain “czar.”Although launched in July, the initiative drew attention this week after Coinbase sent in-app messages encouraging users to sign. Screenshots shared by users on social media showed in-app messages from the exchange, rallying its users with phrases like “help UK lead stablecoin innovation now.”At the time of writing, the petition had gathered over 5,000 signatures. When it reaches 10,000 signatures, the UK government must respond to the petition. At 100,000, the petition will be considered for parliamentary debate. The petition remains open for signatures until March 3, 2026. Petition for blockchain innovation. Source: UK ParliamentA call for regulatory clarity and innovationThe proposal outlines three demands: creating a framework for stablecoins and tokenization, encouraging blockchain use within government, and appointing a leader dedicated to crypto policy.The petition states that stablecoins are the basis of a tokenized economy, citing the United States’ ruling out of a central bank digital currency, favoring stablecoins instead. Supporters of the petition said the UK will fall behind other jurisdictions without a strategy. “This is a question of national interest to preserve the competitiveness of the City and sterling’s global standing,” they wrote. Related: UK crypto hopes stall, but ‘encouraging signs’ are thereCoinbase’s involvement in UK policiesCoinbase has previously campaigned for clearer digital asset rules in the UK.On July 31, the exchange released a satirical video titled “Everything is Fine,” taking aim at Britain’s financial system. The video used lyrics and music that brag about the country’s strong finances while depicting scenes of inflation, poverty and financial struggles. On Aug. 5, former UK Chancellor and current Coinbase adviser George Osborne penned an op-ed for the Financial Times, highlighting that the country is falling behind in the digital asset market. He singled out stablecoins as an area where the country has allowed itself to lag.Cointelegraph reached out to Coinbase for comment but did not receive a response before publication.Magazine: Korean bill to legalize ICOs, Chinese firm’s Ethereum RWAs mystery: Asia Express#Blockchain #Coinbase #Cryptocurrencies #Adoption #UK Government #United Kingdom #Stablecoin #Regulation #Policy Add reaction