Source: https://ambcrypto.com/decentraland-why-mana-must-break-this-key-level-to-target-0-60/
Selector: article

Altcoin Decentraland – Why MANA must break this KEY level to target $0.60 2min Read Price moves first, and narratives only capture the social reaction to the price action. Sometimes, buying once a narrative has taken hold might be too late. Posted: September 13, 2025 By: Akashnath S Journalist Edited By: Jacob Thomas Akashnath S Journalist Edited By: Jacob Thomas Posted: September 13, 2025 Share this article Share Tweet Key Takeaways Decentraland prices have stagnated around the $0.35 level for months now. It was unable to match the gains seen for BTC, ETH, or across the altcoin market-could this be why it is an appealing buying opportunity for the coming months? Decentraland [MANA] has been in a long-term consolidation phase around the $0.35 price level since February 2025. The price saw a brief breakout to $0.4 in mid-March, but was quick to retrace the gains. Another attempted breakout toward the end of July also failed at the same $0.4 resistance. Since April, the altcoin market capitalization has grown from $900 billion to $1.66 trillion at the time of writing. This 90% expansion was accompanied by a 51% Bitcoin [BTC] rally and a 206% Ethereum [ETH] rally. Therefore, Decentraland was lagging, but its on-chain metrics hinted at a strong price bottom for MANA. As Joao Wedson, Founder and CEO of Alphractal, pointed out in a post on X (formerly Twitter), “Remember- price always moves first — narratives only describe the social reaction to price action. Don’t waste time chasing narratives, accumulate before they appear!” Why you might want to buy MANA Source: Alphractal Data analysis platform Alphractal broke down the Decentraland metrics on X. They explained that the Net Unrealized Profit/Loss (NUPL) was deeply negative. It hit its lowest level in April, which likely marked a strong price bottom at $0.19. Source: Alphractal The MANA realized price was at $0.64. Realized price shows the average price at which each coin was last moved on-chain. Market prices being below the realized price means that, on average, the entire network was holding at a loss. This was also reflected in the NUPL. The $0.64 level would be a stubborn resistance during a recovery, but a breakout past the realized price would show long-term bullish strength. Source: Alphractal The Decentraland Delta Growth Rate was positive and rising, showing fresh capital flow into the network. Furthermore, MANA was reflecting its 2018-2020 bear market. It was possible that similar patterns could result in a new wave of opportunities if interest builds around the project. As always, potential investors must do their own research diligently. Source: MANA/USDT on TradingView Examining the higher timeframe price charts, AMBCrypto found that the $0.222 and $0.404 were key swing points for Decentraland investors. A move past $0.4 would be the first step toward a rally. As the Fibonacci retracement levels highlighted, the $0.6 and $0.71 were the long-term resistances that would be pivotal for a bullish trend reversal. Subscribe to our must read daily newsletter Previous: MemeCore [M] hits new ATH at $2.48 – What next for prices? Next: Is Bitcoin’s rally at risk as MVRV falls below critical level? Share Share Tweet Akashnath S Akashnath S is a Senior Journalist and Technical Analysis expert at AMBCrypto. He specializes in dissecting price action, identifying key market trends through advanced chart patterns, and forecasting both short-term and long-term asset trajectories. His distinct analytical method is grounded in his academic training as a Chemical Engineer. This background provides him with a systematic, process-oriented approach to market data, enabling him to analyze the complex dynamics of financial markets with precision and objectivity. Having actively covered the cryptocurrency space since the landmark 2017 market cycle, Akashnath possesses years of experience navigating both bull and bear markets. This seasoned perspective is critical to his insightful reporting on market volatility and evolution. As an active market participant, Akashnath enhances his analysis with crucial, hands-on experience. This practical application of his technical skills ensures his insights are not merely theoretical, but are also relevant and actionable for an audience looking to understand and navigate trading opportunities. He is dedicated to educating readers on the nuances of technical analysis, empowering them with the knowledge to make more informed financial decisions. Read the best crypto stories of the day in less than 5 minutes Subscribe to get it daily in your inbox. Please check the format of your first name and/or email address. Thank you for subscribing to Unhashed. More Articles Altcoin MemeCore [M] hits new ATH at $2.48 – What next for prices? By Olayiwola Dolapo 37 mins ago Bitcoin Is Bitcoin’s rally at risk as MVRV falls below critical level? By Evans Boto 3 hours ago Solana Here’s why this company went ALL IN with its $1.65B Solana Treasury play By Samyukhtha L KM 5 hours ago Bitcoin Bitcoin – Will BTC’s next rally hit $140K as miner behavior shifts? By Erastus Chami 6 hours ago Bitcoin Bitcoin’s price surge past $115K spurs crypto stocks by double-digits By Akashnath S 8 hours ago Analysis XRP – Why a 20% upside is possible if THESE levels hold By Vivaan Acharya 9 hours ago