Source: https://ambcrypto.com/crypto-bull-run-could-extend-into-2026-arthur-hayes/
Selector: article

Bitcoin Crypto bull run could extend into 2026 – Arthur Hayes 2min Read There was a massive supply bought at $117K that could slow bulls Posted: September 14, 2025 By: Benjamin Njiri Journalist Edited By: Jacob Thomas Benjamin Njiri Journalist Edited By: Jacob Thomas Posted: September 14, 2025 Share this article Share Tweet Key Takeaways The bull run may extend beyond Q4 2025, into 2026, due to macro catalysts, according to Arthur Hayes. In the short term, though, BTC must clear $117K to advance. The market may still have room for growth despite being in the late stage of the bull run, according to BitMEX Founder Arthur Hayes. In the past two cycles (2017 and 2021), Bitcoin [BTC] peaked in Q4 of the year after the halving event. If that pattern repeats, the timeline would be Q4, 2025. But Hayes believes President Donald Trump could extend the rally into 2026. Source: BTC cycle top (2017 vs 2021) Trump effect According to Hayes, Trump would like to print more money like Covid cheques to support programs that could give Republicans an easy win in the next midterm election in 2026. He said that the current Fed chair, Jerome Powell, will be out of office, adding to ‘full steam’ and ‘middle of the cycle. He added, “I think people are underpricing the upside in equities, crypto, and everything.” In other words, it looks like the ‘Trump trade’ that lifted the market in late 2024 may come to play again in 2026, per Hayes. Source: Glassnode However, Glassnode data showed that we’re already in euphoria, typically seen as BTC enters price discovery or a new record level. Since the levels are associated with massive unrealized profit, the pressure to sell also increases. The end result is a marked cycle top if the sell-off escalates. But the True MVRV, another market cycle top indicator, was far from flagging a ‘strong sell’ associated with past market peaks. Hence, there could be a little room for extra rally as Hayes projects. Source: CryptoQuant Meanwhile, in the short term, Glassnode noted that BTC must clear the $117K hurdle, as a huge supply was bought at the level and could attract sell-pressure. Hence, ahead of the Fed rate decision, the level could be key to determining the bulls’ continued advance towards $120K Source: Glassnode Subscribe to our must read daily newsletter Next: MORPHO traders, should you brace for a possible $2 price dip? Share Share Tweet Benjamin Njiri Benjamin Njiri is a Crypto Analyst and Journalist at AMBCrypto who specializes in technical analysis and identifying emergent market trends. He excels at breaking down complex chart patterns and on-chain data to make them accessible and actionable for investors. His rigorous analytical approach is founded on his academic background as a Telecommunication Engineering graduate. This discipline has equipped him with an expert understanding of signal processing and data analysis, allowing him to systematically filter market noise from true trend signals with engineering precision. Armed with this unique perspective, Benjamin focuses on providing clear, data-driven insights into the digital asset landscape. His work is dedicated to demystifying the intricate world of cryptocurrencies, empowering readers to understand the forces that shape the market and to navigate it with greater confidence. Read the best crypto stories of the day in less than 5 minutes Subscribe to get it daily in your inbox. Please check the format of your first name and/or email address. Thank you for subscribing to Unhashed. More Articles Altcoin MORPHO traders, should you brace for a possible $2 price dip? By Akashnath S 3 hours ago Altcoin Immutable surges 13% – How IMX can reclaim $1.5B market cap By Olayiwola Dolapo 4 hours ago Ethereum Ethereum is ‘ready for $5K’, but THIS can drag ETH’s rally By Benjamin Njiri 5 hours ago Stablecoins GENIUS Act spurs Tether’s USA₮ stablecoin expansion – Details By Samyukhtha L KM 7 hours ago Cardano Cardano – Can ADA eye $1.16 next amid whale buying frenzy? By Erastus Chami 8 hours ago Altcoin PUMP whale dumps 250M tokens – Will prices fall below $0.005? By Vivaan Acharya 10 hours ago