Source: https://ambcrypto.com/dogecoin-breaks-key-level-will-doge-hit-1-in-2025/
Selector: article

Analysis Dogecoin breaks KEY level – Will DOGE hit $1 in 2025? 2min Read A retest of the $0.26-$0.285 area would likely see a bullish reaction and offer swing traders a buying opportunity. Posted: September 14, 2025 By: Akashnath S Journalist Akashnath S Journalist Posted: September 14, 2025 Share this article Share Tweet Key Takeaways Despite the delay in the launch of the DOGE ETF (DOJE), Dogecoin prices rallied past the $0.287 resistance. Further gains are expected, but the OBV has not made a new high, which was a slight concern. The Dogecoin [DOGE] ETF rumors have come true, with the official launch of the Rex-Osprey DOGE ETF, with the ticker symbol DOJE. They will be going live next week, and not on the 12th of September as revealed earlier. Despite the delay, DOGE continued to rally higher. At the time of writing, it was close to the $0.3 round number resistance, and possessed strong bullish momentum and buying pressure. This impetus should send the leading memecoin toward the next key resistance at $0.4. Can Dogecoin achieve the $1 target in 2025? Source: DOGE/USDT on TradingView On the 1-day chart, a daily session close above $0.287 would represent a bullish structure break and continued gains for DOGE. The breakout past the range, which has been in play since March, was an encouraging sight. A failed breakout in July raised concerns that the current move could be a liquidity grab before the price descends back into the range. However, with Bitcoin [BTC] climbing in recent days and targeting the $117.5k short-term resistance, the bullish outlook for Dogecoin was justified. The ETF was accompanied by above-average trading volumes in recent days. Yet, the OBV was unable to move past the local high set in July. This hinted at a lack of accumulation over the past two months, but it was only a minor concern for investors. Overhead, the next significant resistance level was at $0.434. The $0.4-$0.45 area can be considered a supply zone, as it was close to the highs made in November-December 2024. A retest of the $0.26-$0.285 area would likely see a bullish reaction and offer swing traders a buying opportunity. Disclaimer: The information presented does not constitute financial, investment, trading, or other types of advice and is solely the writer’s opinion Subscribe to our must read daily newsletter Next: Crypto bull run could extend into 2026 – Arthur Hayes Share Share Tweet Akashnath S Akashnath S is a Senior Journalist and Technical Analysis expert at AMBCrypto. He specializes in dissecting price action, identifying key market trends through advanced chart patterns, and forecasting both short-term and long-term asset trajectories. His distinct analytical method is grounded in his academic training as a Chemical Engineer. This background provides him with a systematic, process-oriented approach to market data, enabling him to analyze the complex dynamics of financial markets with precision and objectivity. Having actively covered the cryptocurrency space since the landmark 2017 market cycle, Akashnath possesses years of experience navigating both bull and bear markets. This seasoned perspective is critical to his insightful reporting on market volatility and evolution. As an active market participant, Akashnath enhances his analysis with crucial, hands-on experience. This practical application of his technical skills ensures his insights are not merely theoretical, but are also relevant and actionable for an audience looking to understand and navigate trading opportunities. He is dedicated to educating readers on the nuances of technical analysis, empowering them with the knowledge to make more informed financial decisions. Read the best crypto stories of the day in less than 5 minutes Subscribe to get it daily in your inbox. Please check the format of your first name and/or email address. Thank you for subscribing to Unhashed. More Articles Bitcoin Crypto bull run could extend into 2026 – Arthur Hayes By Benjamin Njiri 1 hour ago Altcoin MORPHO traders, should you brace for a possible $2 price dip? By Akashnath S 4 hours ago Altcoin Immutable surges 13% – How IMX can reclaim $1.5B market cap By Olayiwola Dolapo 5 hours ago Ethereum Ethereum is ‘ready for $5K’, but THIS can drag ETH’s rally By Benjamin Njiri 6 hours ago Stablecoins GENIUS Act spurs Tether’s USA₮ stablecoin expansion – Details By Samyukhtha L KM 8 hours ago Cardano Cardano – Can ADA eye $1.16 next amid whale buying frenzy? By Erastus Chami 9 hours ago